1) Which of the following is correct regarding user defined Annotations?

interface
@interface
annotation
@annotation

2) Which of the following specifies that the annotation is available only source code?

target
retention
documentation
availability

3) Which of the following SQL operators, is used to retrieve only specific columns of a table?

PROJECTION
SELECTION
UNION
PRODUCT

4) Which of the following operators allow us to check if the outer query row is greater than the lowest of inner query?

>ALL
<ALL
>ANY
<ANY

5) Which of the following is a scalar function?

COUNT
MIN
MAX
INSTR

6) Which of the functions, return the lowest integer, bigger than the given number?

LOW
POW
FLOOR
CEIL

7) You want to find when will be the next friday. Which of the following functions can be used?

NEXT_FRIDAY
NEXT_DAY
LAST_FRIDAY
LAST_DAY

8) You want to find the department that spend more on the employee salary. Which of the following will be useful?

GROUP BY
ORDER BY
SUM BY
AVG BY

9) You want to retrieve all the Records from Left side table and the matching records from Right side table. Which of the following will be useful?

INNER JOIN
CROSS JOIN
LEFT OUTER JOIN
RIGHT OUTER JOIN

10) Which of the following is true regarding Indexes?

Every foreign key will create a clustered index
A table can have any number of clustered index
There can be only one non-clustered index per table
The records in the table are arranged in the order of clustered index

11) Which of the following is true regarding Normalization?

Normalization is done to merge multiple tables into a single table
A table is said to be in first normal form, if every cell has precisely one data
Normalization is done to introduce some amount of redundancy to speed up query
A table is said to be second normal form, if every determinant is composite

12) Which of the following is NOT a SOLID principle?

Single Responsibility Principle
Object Oriented Principle
Liskov Substitution Principle
Interface Seggregation Principle
Dependency Inversion Principle

13) Which of the following is FALSE about PLSQL?

A procedure can have IN or OUT or IN OUT parameters
A function can return multiple values using OUT parameters
A procedure cannot be called from SELECT statement
A plsql program can have declaration, if condition etc

14) Which of the following interfaces cannot be implemented using Lambda?

Comparable
List
Runnable
Comparator

15) An interface that does not have any abstract method is called as ...............

Functional Interface
Abstract Interface
Marker Interface
User Interface

16) Which of the following cannot be done by Stream API?

Filter
Sort
Grouping
Updation

17) Which of the following operators are used by the LIKE operator of SELECT query?

? and _
% and ?
% and _
* and _

18) Which of the following is true about RDBMS operators?

UNION produces the sum of two queries including duplicates
INTERSECT produces all rows from first query and matching rows from second query
MINUS products all rows that are common between 2 queries
PRODUCT produces 25 records, if both queries produce 5 records each.

19) What will be the output of the following PLSQL program?
	BEGIN
		SELECT * FROM HR.EMPLOYEES WHERE EMPLOYEE_ID=100;
	END;

Displays all rows of HR.EMPLOYEES table
Error in the SELECT statement
Runs successfully and does not print anything
Error because, DECLARE statement is missing

20) Which of the following is true regarding Index?

Index is useful when DML statements are executed on the table
Index will be helpful only when the indexed column is used in SELECT statements
Index will be helpful only when the indexed columns in used in DML statements
Index will slow down the SELECT statements
